Previously on King of Mask Singer.
They captured women's hearts...
as well as men's hearts.
The masked singers captured everyone's heart with their talents.
It's Shownu.
And we were happy to see some familiar faces.
It's Kyul Kyung. It's Kim Jae Woo.
And four talented masked singers...
will put on solo performances today.
Don't You Worry, Sleeping Bear.
Thank You for Your Support, Torch Man.
Red Head Adolescent, Strawberry Girl.
It's No Human Work, Mysterious Circles.
The intense battle resumes.
Will Red Mouth be able to win for the fifth time?
It starts right now.
(King of Mask Singer)
This is the first match of Round Two, Semi-finals.
This masked singer beat the singer Shownu.
She heals us with her music.
Don't You Worry, Sleeping Bear.
(Don't You Worry, Sleeping Bear)
(Let's go off to dreamland with Sleeping Bear.)
It's Sleeping Bear.
I'm really looking forward to her performance.
I have a feeling that it'll be a great performance.
(Her voice is as sweet as a sound sleep.)
(Her singing skill and performance were perfect.)
(Sleeping Bear's performance made us want to fall in love.)
(She's a great singer whom Mi Youn likes.)
(Her expression is outstanding, and she's very talented.)
(Ah Choo)
(She can perform various genres ranging from trot to jazz.)
(Sleeping Bear can't hide her great singing skills.)
(People have high expectations for Sleeping Bear.)
(All eyes are on the first match of Round Two.)
(To go one step further to the throne,)
(what has Sleeping Bear prepared?)
("Barbie Doll" by Jaurim)
My gosh, I know this song. What do I do?
It sounds like a song the current queen would sing.
Exactly.
(What?)
(Gosh, this is crazy.)
(Her delicate expression is like that of a monodrama.)
(Her amazing voice tantalizes us.)
(She's good!)
(She sounds so different from when she was in Round One.)
(Sleeping Bear has changed into a seductive performer.)
(Surprised)
(Goodness. Who could this be?)
(Sad)
(She's amazing!)
(The beat changes.)
(Dancing)
(With the faster beat,)
(watch out not to be too immersed in her performance.)
(This is driving me crazy.)
(She performs enthusiastically.)
(Her passionate performance slowly reaches the climax.)
(Sleeping Bear gave an amazing performance, singing "Barbie Doll".)
(That was insane!)
(They're awestruck by her performance.)
(Thumbs up!)
- We might have a new queen today. - She's great.
Here comes her opponent.
He beat Actor Kang Sung Jin.
His hot and posh voice heats up our heart.
Thank You for Your Support, Torch Man.
(Thank You for Your Support, Torch Man)
(It's a torch relay heading towards the throne.)
(I'm going to heat up your heart.)
(He set fire to their hearts.)
Torch Man is the hot guy of Korea.
Who is he?
I'm so curious.
I think I know him, but I'm not sure.
(His powerful voice proves that he's skillful.)
(He hits high notes with his resonant voice.)
(He used to be a rocker, and now he's a trot musician?)
(Including the experts, everyone is confused.)
(His specialty embarrassed himself.)
(Who is this whimsical man?)
(It's time to heat up again.)
(Will he get to win the panelists' hearts...)
(and beat his rival, Sleeping Bear?)
(Will he be able to take a step closer to the queen?)
(Torch Man is ready.)
("I'll Move" by Brown Eyed Soul)
(Humming)
(His humming blows the audience's mind.)
His voice is different from before.
(His voice has become sweeter than in Round One.)
(How nice.)
(He hits high notes with the sweet voice.)
(This is mind-blowing.)
(I love it.)
(I can't watch this.)
(His voice is so attractive.)
(Breaking up is so incredibly sad that your whole body aches.)
(He hits the high notes, deepening the sadness.)
(A black hole-like ad lib that draws everyone's attention)
(He's amazing.)
(I'll move)
(His sweet voice expressed extreme sadness through the song.)
(His voice is my favorite from now on.)
(I love him so much.)
- It's a big match. - It was amazing.
What is this? What just happened?
His singing skill is like a pro's. How can we not know who he is?
How can we not know?
The first match of Round Two is over.
The celebrity panelists are in deep thoughts.
- Yu Yeong Seok. - Yes.
Was it tough?
I want to show respect to those who have pressed the buttons before me.
In my opinion, this show was like one of the best top 10.
You're saying it's one of the best among Round Two.
He came to sudden prominence in the show like a comet.
These two are working their ways to be the King of Mask Singer.
Two of them did really well.
Sleeping Bear's performance reminded me of Catgirl, Cha Ji Yeon.
- Did it? - Yes.
(Charismatic show that reminded people of Cha Ji Yeon)
And the thing about her that surprised me was...
when she was singing the part "I'm not a Barbie doll",
she was spinning her head, and yet she was singing stably.
Her vibrations sounded like they were recorded.
(Her special skill of singing as she spins her head)
(Her voice was so stable as if it was recorded.)
At that moment, I thought it was over.
I thought she'd be the next queen since Round One.
I was so sure that she'd be the next queen.
But I didn't know Torch Man could sing so well too.
She sang her songs in a jazzy way like some musicals.
His song was based on rhythm and blues.
He got softness like Shin Yong Jae's.
He also has sharpness like Kim Jo Han's.
Shin Yong Jae and Kim Jo Han.
He also has the original rhythm and blues technique.
Your comment on him was extraordinary.
You two did such a great job.
That's why it was tough for you to press the button.
That Korean flag on his chest...
was not a simple ornament.
He's like the national champion.
- His voice is representing Korea? - Yes.
- Gosh. - I was really surprised.
I kept being reminded of the phrase, "The deep rooted tree".
His roots are so deep that his voice is so stable.
His voice can overcome all storms.
- Yes, yes. - His voice was so deep.
His voice is absolutely stable.
I was really touched by his performance.
- He's like an old pine tree. - You're right.
Whereas for Sleeping Bear, she sang a song of Jaurim.
It's hard to not be reminded of the original singer.
However, I clearly heard the voice of Sleeping Bear only.
She has her own style.
She sang it with her own soul.
Her voice was heard so clearly.
One of them will go home today.
But both of them will be greatly missed.
I'll keep wondering where I can hear their voices.
I was thinking this the whole time while watching their performances.
I think this moment of Round Two is definitely a historical scene.
Thank you so much.
There are too many good singers in the Korean music industry.
The celebrity panelist's reasoning skill...
is absolutely horrible.
- They sound related. - Yes.
There are 11 to 12 of us.
I think we have to increase the number of panelists.
- Really? Isn't 12 enough? - I think it should be 50.
We have to guess and ask. And it's so unlikely that we get it.
(Human wave strategy of collective intelligence?)
We have to know singers who are as good as them.
It's surprising how there are new good singers every week.
It's truly amazing.
I'm wondering who will be the good match for the queen.
It has to be someone who makes the Final Round tenser.
- You're even foreseeing that. - Yes. Actually,
Sleeping Beauty's voice is more similar to the current queen's.
- Sleeping Beauty? - Yes, even her shows are similar.
This means there are more chances for Sleeping Beauty to win.
- Oh, really? - But, in fact,
it's really hard for Sleeping Beauty to win against Torch Man.
It's because this man sang...
the popular pop song extremely well.
We can't just ignore that fact.
On the other hand,
I'm just worried if he can...
win over the current queen's superb performance skills.
- I'm just slightly worried. - It's ironic.
Whoever goes to Final Round,
the match will be fun for sure.
I'm done for.
I heard that while listening to Torch Man's song,
one of the celebrity panelists...
shed tears.
It's Yoo Jung from Weki Meki.
She cried so much.
I mean...
- Why did you cry? - I've never seen her crying.
When he sang the song,
I had goosebumps all over my body.
I thought...
my ex-boyfriend must sang like he did when we broke up.
You were reminded of someone?
- Sorry? - You know someone who stood aside?
(No, it's not like that.)
- It's not that? - No, it was hypothetical.
He delivered the message within the song so well.
That's why I cried.
Sleeping Bear's performance...
was amazing that I lost my senses.
Her mask looked cute in the beginning.
When she began her performance,
her eyebrows suddenly became droopy.
And it was quite scary.
You're right. There are times like that.
Her mask suddenly looked scary.
It's like a doll that usually looks cute...
- That's right. - suddenly looking scary at night.
- It was so scary. - Do I look like a bear?
Yes. Yes.
You loved both performances, but there were some differences.
Great. Now it's the time for us to see their specialty.
First, it's Torch Man. He's going to dance.
He's wearing a suit that suits the Winter Olympics.
He said he prepared dances...
after pulling out DNAs of the athletes.
Music, please.
He's warming up. Which sport is it going to be?
(The first game is speed skating.)
It's skating.
It must be speed skating.
(But it looks weird.)
That's right.
It must be speed skating.
(I'm ruined. You should go first.)
That's right.
(Goodness.)
It's skiing now.
It's a ski jump.
(Jumping across the cool air)
(The point is to jump as far as he can.)
- It's a ski jump! - Ski jump!
(Skiing to the nearby neighborhood)
(What is this?)
It's figure skating this time.
It's a turn!
(Jumping softly)
(It's funny.)
The last dance imitates Yuna Kim.
The last move was Yuna Kim's.
I don't think he is an amazing dancer.
I think he just danced because our staff asked him to do something.
He's done it against his will.
He must have hated to do this.
I think he has just done it without his passion.
- Oh, really? - And I don't think he's the type...
who plays like that too.
He doesn't have any frivolous side in him.
I don't agree to that.
- Right? - From last week,
I've spotted that his moves were very playful.
- Were they? - Yes, he was moving all the time.
He immediately reacted to everything we said.
So it's amazing how he doesn't dance well.
- Really? - I thought he'd dance well.
- You thought he'd dance well. - Yes.
Okay. It's Sleeping Bear's turn.
She's going to imitate a lot of people.
Let's hear them.
Martha, please turn to MBC.
I have to see if King of Mask Singer is on now.
I love her voice.
We're here at Traffic Center.
There are many roads with high volume of traffic.
The specialty road has lost its usual speed.
The traffic cast is done for today.
I'll connect you to the theme park.
Hello, this is the Mask Theme Park that's full of dreams and fantasy.
Before the roller coaster starts,
please keep your glasses...
in the lockers. Please keep your glasses.
The moment you think the glasses might fall off,
the glasses won't be there.
(Hold on tight. Glasses will fly away.)
- Oh, my goodness. - She's good.
She showed three different voices at once.
Now, we're back to Torch Man.
The panelist has praised him on his high pitched voice.
It's a high pitch battle.
He wants to have a battle with Kwon Hyeok Soo.
Hyeok Soo's excellent in high pitches.
Shall we start with Kim Kyung Ho imitation?
Please start with Kim Kyung Ho's.
I loved you, but
But
(Thanks Kim Kyeong Ho for joining with us today again.)
- He's ready. - I'm ready.
Let's get it started with Hyeok Soo first.
- Masked king - Masked king
- Masked king - Goodness.
He suddenly went up too high.
- He raised about three keys up. - It's really high.
He wants to finish it quickly.
Hold on, Hyeok Soo.
I also have to appear on TV too.
Yes, could you repeat it?
- Masked king - Masked king
- Good. - Masked king
Higher.
Hyeok Soo.
Masked king
I can't go higher.
- Torch Man wins. - This is my limit.
(Torch Man wins without much difficulty.)
(Well...)
Hyeok Soo isn't an easy match either.
He broke the existing standard...
of variety shows. I mean, people usually go back and forth,
- but he broke it right away. - I know.
People usually go up step by step.
- He sang the highest right away. - Right.
- Ho Young, can you do it? - Me?
Ho Young?
Ho Young is up next.
- Masked king - Masked king
Masked king
- Masked king - You failed.
Be a masked king.
(Take this, and be a masked king.)
Ho Young loses.
- Torch Man wins. - Gosh, Ho Young.
(The studio is warmer than anywhere else.)
Ho Young made this funny.
He was like Lee Jung Sub just now.
(Thank you for your special appearance.)
Good. Now, it's time to see the result.
Whom does the audience want to see in the next round?
I'll now reveal...
the winner of this match.
Who will advance to Round Three?
(She chose to sing an unpredictable song.)
(But her performance was even more unpredictable.)
(Sleeping Bear's beautiful madness gave the audience goosebumps.)
(His sentimental voice set the audience's hearts on fire.)
(With the honey-like voice,)
(Torch Man showed his unbelievable singing ability.)
Between Sleeping Bear and Torch Man,
who will win this match...
and advance to the next round?
- Gosh. - I can't predict the result.
I can't see the result.
Who's the first winner who will advance to Round Three?
The winner is...
(Torch Man wins.)
Torch Man wins.
(The torch is still burning.)
(Torch Man will ignite again in Round Three.)
(Some of the audience feel bad too.)
Sleeping Bear did such a good job too.
The voting difference is 59 to 40.
He advances to Round Three dramatically.
Please return to your waiting room. Give him a round of applause.
(The identity of Sleeping Bear will be revealed soon.)
Brace yourself, masked queen.
Bye.
Who could she be?
It's time to reveal her identity now.
Now, Sleeping Bear, please take off your mask...
and reveal your identity.
(Her performance reminded them of Catgirl.)
(Her Round Two stage would be remembered for a long time.)
(Is she the singer in Mi Youn's generation?)
(Sleeping Bear is Mi Youn's favorite singer.)
(She made full use of her voice to show off her specialty.)
Please take off your mask, and reveal your face.
(Surprised)
(Oh, my goodness. Who is this?)
Who is she?
I guess a lot of them know her.
She's...
She is...
the fairy of the indie music field.
She's the singer, Sim Gyu Seon.
She's Sim Gyu Seon.
(Sleeping Bear is Sim Gyu Seon.)
Sim Gyu Seon.
(I know her.)
Right?
(Her long-time fan welcomes her.)
Please say hello to the viewers.
Hello.
I performed here as Sleeping Bear today.
I'm Sim Gyu Seon. It's nice to meet you.
(She drew attention as a guest vocal of Epitone Project in 2010.)
(Later, she pursued her own music with deeper sentiments.)
(She earned her position as a singer songwriter, Sim Gyu Seon.)
(With her desperate emotions and persuasive voice,)
(she has sung a lot of soundtracks too.)
(She expresses music with all her body.)
(She has a soul full of freedom.)
(Her beautiful lyrics and sorrowful emotion...)
(deliver sincerity to listeners and comfort them.)
A lot of people wonder why she's unknown...
when she's such a great singer.
- Mi Youn said she knew her. - She knew.
- Did you guess her right? - I...
recognized her the moment I heard her...
because her voice color is unique.
And I love it.
She recognized me since the duet song.
I'm so grateful and happy.
She's good at keeping secrets.
I know.
She kept her identity a secret.
Her mouth is like a lock.
- What did you say? - A lock.
- A lock. - Are you bad at hearing things?
(Frustrated)
- I don't understand. - Maybe I've gone deaf.
Why did I hear it wrong?
Yoo Jung, did you know who she was too?
Yes, I'm her huge fan too.
I like so many of her songs...
like "Ophelia"...
and "The Moon and Sixpence". I wanted to see her in person.
I'm so honored and grateful.
It's an honor for me.
You knew who she was, but you didn't say it.
You're a lock yourself too.
(Smiling)
And you heard it wrong, didn't you?
(He's getting dizzy.)
A lock! Have you gone deaf?
We asked her to write any misunderstanding or prejudice...
which she wanted to explain in the show.
"I'm not the fairy of Hongdae."
No, when I debuted, coincidentally,
there were some female singers who performed in Hongdae.
I was mentioned along with them,
so I came to have this nickname.
But my fans don't think I'm the fairy of Hongdae.
They rather think I'm the daughter of Hongdae.
I'm actually very bright and active.
Because I sing in a feminine style,
people think I'm feminine too. I feel a bit bad about it.
You had a story behind it.
She showed us another charm with a new type of voice.
Please give her a round of applause to Gyu Seon.
(We're rooting for her future career.)
When I first debuted,
I wanted to have a lot of people...
recognize me just by hearing my voice.
It was my small goal.
I think I achieved that goal in a sense.
I'm so glad and happy.
I, Sim Gyu Seon, performed today...
as Sleeping Bear.
I'll try hard to sing...
warm and comforting songs...
in the future as well. Please support me.
Please give me a lot of love and support. Thank you.
As a result of Round Two,
Thank You for Your Support, Torch Man, won against Sim Gyu Seon...
and advanced to Round Three.
It's the second match of Round Two.
She has a cute, fresh,
and juicy voice.
Red Head Adolescent, Strawberry Girl.
(She takes refreshing steps to the throne.)
(She's in a perfect condition.)
(She's cute.)
I love strawberries
She might sing a powerful song.
Something powerful.
She has a nice voice, right?
- It was fresh. - Right.
(She has a juicy and sweet voice.)
(She also rapped, playing with the rhythm.)
(Is she a rapper?)
(She's definitely a singer.)
(She couldn't hide...)
(her dance skills as a girl group member.)
(She's cute like crazy.)
(Strawberry Girl has fatal charms.)
(Now, it's time to hear her voice alone.)
(With her own sweetness,)
(will she be able to defeat her opponent?)
(How will her performance be?)
("Rocket Punch Generation" by W and Whale)
- It's "RPG". - It's by W and Whale.
(The rhythm catches the audience's ears from the start.)
(She's a rapper, right?)
(Is she?)
(Amazing)
(She raps freely with her own sense of rhythm.)
(Her voice is rhythmical, and her pronunciation is clear.)
(Dancing)
I love her energy.
It's great.
(Her energy is bright and refreshing.)
(They're excited.)
(The rhythm pops like fresh fruits.)
(It feels great as it is now.)
(Don't regret the past or worry about the future.)
(What's important is now)
(Her high notes chase away all the worries.)
(Strawberry Girl's energy soars like a rocket.)
(Refreshing Strawberry Girl gives an energetic performance.)
(It's a party.)
- It was a clean performance. - It was strong.
I now realize that she might not be a singer.
I told you she is a rapper.
Opposing her...
is a man with a mysterious voice...
who beat Kim Jae Woo, a comedian.
It's No Human Work, Mysterious Circles!
(Come to the mysterious world of music.)
(I invite you.)
(Please do invite us.)
I can't wait for his performance.
(The panelists focus on him.)
I really want to know who he is. He is a mysterious man.
(He sings confidently.)
(He is a veteran vocalist with much experience.)
I mean this as a compliment.
He is absolutely crazy.
(Mysterious Circles versus Red Mouth)
(Everyone is expectant for a match between the crazy vocalists.)
(That's why they look forward to the solo performance.)
(His voice impressions transcend genders.)
(Even his specialty is amazing.)
(The more they see, the more curious they become.)
(Who could he be?)
(He makes his opponent nervous.)
(Mysterious Circles' mysterious performance begins.)
("Illusion" by Park Ji Yoon)
(His song choice surprises the panelists.)
"Illusion" by Park Ji Yoon.
My goodness.
Will he sing "Illusion"?
(Even women find it hard to pull off the high vocal range.)
(They are curious to listen to Mysterious Circles' "Illusion".)
(My goodness.)
(He is completely different from Round One.)
(Who is he?)
(His voice draws people in.)
(Impressed)
(He sings the song with a man's true voice.)
(He is so good.)
(The mysterious performance moves the heart.)
(Is he a ballad singer?)
Is he a ballad singer?
(It's so nice.)
(He doesn't embellish his clean voice,)
(and his desperate notes make people listen to him with bated breath.)
(The sorrowful sentiments pierce the heart.)
(He expresses his regrets with his voice alone.)
(My goodness.)
(His sorrowful cry sways the audience's feelings.)
(He is incredible.)
(He has resonance that is sorrowful and deep.)
(The pain of a breakup colors his melancholy voice.)
(Mysterious Circles' "Illusion" captivated everyone.)
(Ho Young has figured out who he is.)
I have no idea who he is.
I am 100 percent sure he is a singer.
The second match of Round Two came to an end.
Hyun Chul, how did you like them?
I am not saying this because Strawberry Girl sang badly.
Given her other talent,
I think she could be a singer-turned-actress...
or an actress who can sing very well.
- What makes you think that? - In the middle,
she showed her ad-libs like this.
What are you singing?
(Singing)
(Look at that ad-lib.)
She hummed in a way...
that seemed to be premeditated.
Singers hum that way...
when they are really excited...
or want to change up the atmosphere.
However, she made it sound like it was planned.
She sang it like this.
It suggests...
she practiced a lot for her performance.
She is a singer-turned-actress or an actress who can sing well.
I think we hear it that way...
because we have been in the music industry for so long.
The mechanical ad-lib...
can lack the natural charms.
You know,
when you open a drawer,
the items should be scattered a bit to look like it's been used.
However, Strawberry Girl's drawer...
has all items neatly packaged...
in beautiful boxes.
That's how cleanly she sings.
Her ad-libs...
could sound unnatural.
- As for Mysterious Circles, - Mysterious Circles.
his low voice is so rich...
that it draws you in.
His high voice...
has a twist that captivates your ears.
He has two different voices.
- It's an advantage. - Yes.
Jang Hyuk.
My opinion is completely different from Hyun Chul's.
- Is it? - Yes.
While Strawberry Girl isn't spontaneous,
her sense of rhythm is exceptional...
when she raps or sings.
1, 2, 3. It's not about counting.
The rhythm must flow inside your body.
She has a good rhythm inside her body.
(I agree.)
That's why I don't agree with Hyun Chul.
- So I think she's a musician. - She's a singer?
Mysterious Circles didn't sound like that last week.
I'm sure he altered his voice.
He squeezed his vocal cords to make a different voice.
But for this performance, he just sang comfortably...
with his vocal cords relaxed.
(He squeezed his vocal cords in Round One.)
(He sang with his vocal cords relaxed in Round Two.)
The way he sings is a little old-fashioned.
- Is he old? - It's not that he's old.
But it didn't sound like the way young people sing.
Which generation would that be?
Is he about Kan Mi Youn's age?
I think he's younger than Kan Mi Youn.
He's younger than her?
He's like the third generation idol star.
- The third generation. - I think so.
- The 3rd generation idol? - The 3rd generation idol.
I think so.
He has the singing style of SM or JYP.
I felt that way as he sang.
He sounds a lot different from last week.
I'm very confused now.
He took off the robe...
when he danced last week.
(When he took off the robe,)
(they could see his slender figure.)
There was a man who came to my mind at that moment.
I see. Stop it.
- So... - Stop speaking.
He's singing in many different ways now.
I think that's because he's trying to hide his identity.
- My gosh. - That's my guess.
- Last week... - Stop speaking.
What did I say?
You don't know what I was going to say.
Why would you tell me to stop? All I said is "Last week."
- Do you know who he is? - You should listen to me first.
- Last week... - He went too far.
He sang against Kim Jae Woo last week.
- That's right. - So...
- I thought he's in the same team. - Namolla Family?
Yes. I thought he's Ko Jang Hwan of Namolla Family.
You mean him?
But as I saw him sing in Round Two,
I reflected on myself.
- She just came clean. - I'm glad that I didn't say it.
- She came clean. - In this round,
- he sounded totally different. - I agree.
I was surprised see that.
He's very mysterious.
When you play basketball, what makes your opponent mad...
is scoring after getting the rebound.
- Exactly. - It's like a free ride.
Getting a rebound is all about positioning.
Let's say we have a hoop right here.
I'm getting a lot of information from them like getting rebounds.
I see.
(As the panelists guess who they are among themselves,)
(Gu Ra picks up various information.)
I heard this three times, and it surprised me.
If Mysterious Circles is him,
it means he gave up his old singing style...
and is trying a new singing style.
- Is he famous? - He's famous.
- Do I know him? - I was very surprised.
He can't be Ko Jang Hwan. No way.
- My gosh. - I'm sorry.
- He sang Park Ji Yoon's song. - Yes.
Ji Yoon was in JYP when she released this song.
She sang it in falsetto.
But he sang it with a man's voice.
It sounded different.
I guess he was also in JYP.
But his singing style is different from what Park Jin Young pursues.
I think he has a lot of complaints against Park Jin Young.
He knows who he is.
- Did you hear the information? - So...
- I didn't hear anything. - He got the idea.
He only knows that he used to be in JYP.
Really?
I think he has complaints.
He has complaints against JYP.
He got a weird idea.
I think that's what it is.
As you heard his voice,
you could tell he has complaints against JYP?
That's because...
you know what Park Jin Young pursued at the time.
What he pursued was "Half air and half sound".
And this song has the essence...
of Park Ji Yoon's singing style.
But he sang it with his strong voice.
I was just trying to figure out...
his identity with all that even if it doesn't make sense.
As these two masked singers met in Round Two,
we compared their data...
and found out there was the theory of parallel universe between them.
They prepared similar specialties.
First, Strawberry Girl can sing...
any songs like pansori.
She can sing any songs like pansori.
Please show us.
(She sings K-Pop like pansori.)
Red flavor, I’m curious, honey
The strawberry flavor slowly melts as you chew
Why are you leaving me here?
That's it.
(She's so talented.)
She just sang two K-Pop songs.
She showed the traditional sound.
Just like her, Mysterious Circles will show you the traditional sound.
He will show you...
the Swiss traditional sound which is like a chicken sound.
Please show us.
(That small chicken...)
(is called Pipi Handi.)
(Yodelling)
(The yodel song would resonate through the Alps.)
(Singing)
(He sets himself on fire to sing the yodel song.)
(Imitating a chicken)
That's it.
(The strange yodel is somewhat addictive.)
It's the traditional sound.
That was very surprising.
There's the theory of parallel universe again.
We asked them to show their specialties,
and they both said their specialty is rhythmic gymnastics.
And they both chose ribbons.
Strawberry Girl will go first.
(Expectant)
All right.
(She looks extraordinary.)
Music, please.
(Splitting her legs)
(She's amazing.)
(She gets up showing off her flexibility.)
My goodness.
(She twirls around like a butterfly.)
My gosh.
(She waves the ribbon freely to the rhythm.)
She's so skilled.
(It's a work of art made with a ribbon.)
The ribbon should not touch the ground.
Oh, no.
(As soon as he says that...)
My gosh. It flew away.
You can't have the ribbon touch the ground.
She stepped on it.
(Provoking)
That's good.
That's it.
That was great.
It's Mysterious Circles' turn now.
Music, please.
(As the music starts,)
(he changes.)
He looks so charismatic.
The ribbon is relatively short.
(It's much shorter than Strawberry Girl's ribbon.)
(You got me.)
It looks like he's playing with fire.
It's like a fire in a blaze.
He's dancing with his buttocks.
(Why is he dancing with his buttocks turned around?)
(The stage is heated up with his performance.)
(Here you go.)
That's it.
All right.
(There's the theory of parallel universe between them.)
They just showed their specialties which are similar to each other.
Mi Youn, how did you like their performances?
I was happy to see the great performances of my juniors.
- They are your juniors? - Yes.
Mysterious Circles is trying...
to keep himself suppressed.
(She gives a critical comment.)
But he did show many different sides of himself.
I'm very satisfied as his senior.
You are? All right.
Yoon Seok, what about you?
Strawberry Girl is just as talented...
as anyone who's been on this show.
I think she's a member of an idol group who has a girl crush charm.
That's my guess.
And Mysterious Circles is...
very mysterious.
I was sure he was a rocker last week.
But he sang a ballad song very well this week.
And his voice sounds like a popera singer.
A popera singer?
When he dances, he looks like an idol singer.
An idol singer?
But I still think he's a rocker.
I believe he will show us...
his powerful, high-pitched, and clean voice in Round Three.
All right. Yoon Seok thinks he's a rocker.
Now, I will announce the result...
of the second match of Round Two.
Who will move on to the next round...
and sing against Torch Man?
I'll now reveal the winner of this match.
(With her excellent singing and rapping,)
(she fascinated everyone.)
(Strawberry Girl makes people happy.)
(He has a heartrending voice.)
(He sang a beautiful ballad song with his sweet voice.)
(Mysterious Circles is a mysterious vocalist.)
Strawberry Girl versus Mysterious Circles.
Who's the winner of this match?
The winner is...
- The winner is... - The winner is...
(They both have their own unique colors.)
(Who will be singing again in the next round?)
The winner is...
Who's the winner?
Please show us.
(It's No Human Work, Mysterious Circles wins.)
Mysterious Circles wins.
(His limit is a mystery.)
I want to hear him shout in the next round.
The score is 67 to 32.
With the final score of 67 to 32, you won.
Please move to the backstage, and prepare for Round Three.
Please give it up for him.
(Strawberry Girl's identity will soon be revealed.)
This is crazy. This is mad.
I think they already found out who I am.
(He laughs.)
Since I made it,
I will explode my emotions.
I can do this.
(Did people really find out who he is?)
Some predicted that she is a member of a girl group.
Some said she is a rapper.
We made many guesses.
Let's see who she really is.
Please move to the back of the stage.
Now, Strawberry Girl, please take off your mask...
and reveal your face.
(They first predicted her to be a rapper,)
(then a girl group member,)
(and finally an actress who used to be a singer.)
(She could even do pansori.)
(Who is this talented masked singer?)
Please reveal your face.
(Screaming)
- Who is it? - Who is it?
They are genuinely surprised.
They are screaming.
She is...
She is the main vocalist of T-ara who is also an actress.
She is Hahm Eun Jung.
(It's Eun Jung of T-ara!)
(No way!)
(They never expected it to be her.)
Is she Eun Jung?
No way.
(I can't believe it.)
Can you say hello to the viewers?
Hello. I am Hahm Eun Jung of T-ara.
(She's the vocalist of T-ara, which debuted in 2009.)
(They led the retro craze in Korea...)
(and Korean Wave in China.)
(They're popular not only in Korea...)
(but also in all over Asia.)
(They proved themselves as the globally popular girl group.)
(She is also a great actress.)
(And she was a big hit on variety shows as well.)
(She won awards from not only Drama Awards...)
(but also Entertainment Awards.)
Thank you.
(Recently, she got to play a lead character in a drama.)
(She successfully established herself as an actress.)
(She constantly challenges herself and wins everyone's approval.)
(Eun Jung is an artist with multiple talents.)
Recently, she starred in a drama.
- "Sisters-in-Law". - "Sisters-in-Law".
- She was the lead actress. - She acted with Kang Kyung Jun.
She's beloved by all generations.
Because of your hair style, people claim...
that the person in the drama is not the same person...
as the person on stage.
Right. Perhaps because people are used to seeing me with short hair,
people didn't recognize me when I had long hair.
So I thought I would confuse you...
if I sing on stage with long hair.
It was thrilling.
- Nobody recognized you. - Right.
I occasionally watched "Sisters-in-Law".
My talent is to watch one episode...
and to pretend that I have seen the whole thing.
She's very active as an actress,
and I was amazed by how talented she is.
T-ara debuted on "Radio Star".
- Right. - Right.
I really missed him.
- You missed Gu Ra? - Yes.
I remember him helping us a lot...
- when we just debuted. - I assisted them.
So I...
(Voice imitation is a must for rookies.)
You can stop now.
(Did he really help her?)
When I got invited here, I told the writers...
- that I can't wait to see him. - Eun Jung is...
I am very happy to see her again.
- Thank you. - She's thanking him only now.
(She finally got to thank him.)
I personally know Eun Jung.
We went to the same school.
- Did you? - Yes. We went to the same school.
I didn't know that it was Eun Jung.
But I loved listening to her voice once again.
Her voice was as refreshing as strawberries,
and she's still very beautiful. It made me really happy.
- Thank you. - All right.
I wonder...
if this is how the panelists felt when I was on stage.
I had no clue.
We used to perform together during the same period,
but I had no idea.
After many years,
she has improved tremendously.
I felt proud watching her.
I will continue to cheer for her.
- She did very well. - Thank you.
She will have similar worries as Mi Youn.
And I'm sure Mi Youn can help her.
Eun Jung gained more confidence...
through this experience.
Please give it up for her.
(We hope Eun Jung will soar high.)
Thank you.
(We will cheer for you.)
It was really fun.
"You didn't know it was me, did you?"
That was quite fun.
If I didn't have the mask on,
I wouldn't have dared to speak in a cute way like that.
The mask had a power...
to make me do the impossible.
I had a lot of fun.
It made me realize that there are people who like my voice.
And that gave me confidence.
Also, this experience made me realize...
what I need to work on and what needs improvement.
In the end, it was an opportunity...
for me to grow my confidence.
It was really fun today.
I hope King of Mask Singer will delight your ears.
This is so embarrassing.
Mysterious Circles beat Eun Jung of T-ara...
and made it to Round Three.
Shortly.
(The strong contestants...)
(will freely control the audience.)
(Is the queen worried?)
(Nobody knows what is going to happen.)
(Will a new legend be born?)
(Or will the queen win for the 5th time?)
(The shocking result...)
(will be shortly revealed.)
The mysterious music show, King of Mask Singer.
To stop Red Mouth from winning for the fifth time,
two masked singers have made to Final Round.
Let's bring them in again.
Please give it up for them.
Torch Man...
and Mysterious Circles...
made it to Round Three.
I will give you a chance to say something to the queen.
You are really good.
Facing you, I feel even more nervous.
I will just face the front and do my best.
Torch Man said he will just go on his way.
Mysterious Circles.
The queen...
has an unbelievable aura.
But my outfit is unbelievable too.
It is unbelievable.
If I ever become the king,
this outfit would be very fitting.
Right.
What do you think, my queen?
They have made this far.
This is the most nerve-wrecking day for me.
There have been bad omens.
I always use the same cubicle in the ladies' room.
It wasn't intentional.
The last cubicle just happened to be empty all the time.
So I comfortably spent my time alone.
- But today, - Today?
- I went there four times. - You did?
And that cubicle was occupied every time.
Was it never free?
- No. - What could this mean?
I know that cubicle.
I think the cleaning lady locked that cubicle.
I like that cubicle too.
- Do you? - But the door was locked.
- Is that right? - It made her comfortable.
I knock on that door every time I go there.
And there was nobody knocking back.
- Nobody answered. - So I suspected that it's locked.
Don't think of it as a bad omen and free yourself from the thought.
That's what I wanted to tell you.
The queen is very worried,
anxious, and nervous. This might be a chance for them.
Now, Round Three, Final Round will begin.
Torch Man will perform first.
(Go, Torch Man!)
- I am so excited. - I am excited.
(We are excited to hear Torch Man's charming voice.)
If he didn't choose a good song, I will be upset.
(Laughing)
Don't be nervous.
(Everyone is expecting a lot from Torch Man.)
(Will he be able to mesmerize the panelists again...)
(and get a chance to compete against the queen?)
(How will Torch Man perform?)
("Love Me Right" by EXO)
The tempo is fast.
- My gosh. - EXO?
(He's going to sing EXO's song?)
(Torch Man chose a song that raises our expectations.)
(Staring)
(My goodness.)
(Torch Man starts to rap.)
(His rapping skill is stunning.)
(He gets up.)
(His magical voice made him stand up.)
(Dancing)
(He sings EXO's song alone without any problems.)
(Saxophone!)
(This is exciting!)
(Everyone dances excitedly to the rhythm.)
(He turns around.)
(Screaming)
(Today on King of Mask Singer, I'm EXO.)
(He's awesome.)
(He can freely control his falsetto and real tone.)
(He sings accurately in tune with his unique voice,)
(which makes this performance perfect.)
(He's too good!)
(This is incredible!)
(He looks to the right.)
(Screaming)
(He looks to the left.)
(His eyeing makes all the girls' hearts flutter.)
(His sweet voice and great manner made the performance perfect.)
(The audience doesn't stop applauding and screaming.)
(It was a wonderful performance!)
Let's party tonight! Let's party tonight!
- Who is he? - I seriously have no idea.
- He's amazing. - I have no idea.
- I have no idea. - He sings in a very unique way.
I feel like my nose is cleared up.
He's so charming.
- He was amazing. - Right?
Here comes his opponent.
He beat Comedian Kim Jae Woo and Singer Hahm Eun Jung.
This musical creature made an emergency landing on our hearts.
It's No Human Work, Mysterious Circles.
(It's No Human Work, Mysterious Circles)
(I'm here to get the queen.)
(Striding)
(They're looking forward to his performance.)
He has charisma.
He definitely has charisma.
I wonder which song he will sing.
He looks really comfortable on the stage.
(He came striding to Round Three.)
(He has to beat his rival and compete against the queen.)
(How will he attract the panelists?)
("Believe" by TVXQ)
It's "Believe" by TVXQ.
(He warm voice makes us feel comfortable.)
(My goodness!)
(His voice is calmer than in the previous rounds.)
(His voice expresses the pure feelings of love.)
(Impressed)
(The colors of the emotions spread warmly in our hearts.)
(He skillfully controls his emotion.)
(Amazed)
(Do you know my feelings?)
(I do know.)
(The deep emotion sweetly echoes.)
I love that his voice sounds comfortable.
(This is amazing.)
(His warm voice keeps echoing.)
(This breaks my heart.)
(He continues expressing the emotion.)
(He sings in tune, breathing precisely.)
(It's a heartbreaking confession of sad love.)
(He sings with a clear and stable voice.)
(He's great.)
(He hits the high notes with his resonant voice.)
(This is incredible!)
(He comfortably sings the high notes.)
(This is no joke.)
(I love it.)
(His magical voice warms everyone's heart.)
(He perfectly covered the original song and its emotion.)
(This is amazing.)
He has a beautiful voice.
He's good.
It sounds beautiful when he sings high notes.
Final Round is now over.
What do you think, Red Mouth?
I'd like to hear how you liked their performances.
(Sighing)
I'm not sure. Since the last cubicle in the ladies' room was locked...
Oh, no. The locked cubicle still bothers you.
Both their performances were really great.
I'm sure you prepared a performance that is as good as theirs.
As weeks go by,
I choose songs, thinking this might be my last performance.
That's what I think when I practice.
Especially the lyrics of the song...
I chose for today are what I want to say...
to the viewers and audience.
If you keep your winning streak, you're breaking the record.
Your winning streak will be third longest ever.
Now, you can go get ready for Final Match.
- Please give it up for her! - You can do it!
(See you soon.)
She'll get ready for Final Match.
I wonder how you liked their performances in Round Three.
Young Seok?
In Round Two, aside from his singing skills,
Torch Man's performance...
pierced my heart.
It was really touching.
However, Round Three...
was way too good.
It was way too good?
There's this band called Jamiroquai.
(World's famous electronic sound super star)
He plays with rhythms well.
Torch Man reminds me of him.
His voice notes are as accurate as the synthesizers.
He's scary in a way that people usually sing touching songs...
in Round Three.
He not only touched people's hearts but also has excellent techniques.
He just proved that he's good.
It's like beyond the legendary...
rhythm and blues singers we all know.
I think he has pulled out the red card to...
Red Mouth.
(His unique voice has dominated the stage.)
(Perfect tunes and rhythms)
(Here's the red card.)
(No, this is my seat!)
Whereas Torch Man looks like some millionaire,
Mysterious Circles is like a super rich.
He's rich with singing skills. His songs are full of essentials.
His singing skills are very useful.
His song doesn't fly away.
It calms people down in warmness.
It's very fresh.
I think this point has touched hearts of many women.
All right.
Kim Hyun Chul's watching the stage with a serious face.
Mysterious Circles' vibration...
from last week...
are totally different from this week's.
Last week, his vibration was...
very wide.
(Give your worries to the dog next door)
(Singing)
But today's vibration was...
very short and thin.
He used totally different vibrations.
In my view,
he knows how to play with the music.
But he wanted to express his sincerity towards the viewers.
So he didn't play with the music.
He's a singer for sure.
I'm thinking if he is a musical singer.
Thank you for your song.
Torch Man...
- sounded like Barry White. - Barry White.
He doesn't make any movements while singing.
But he sings a disco song.
- A disco song? - Yes.
(Accurate techniques along with fast beats)
(Barry White has made a history in the disco field.)
He was just like Barry White when he was singing EXO's song.
His tunes and rhythms were all perfect.
It can't be more perfect than this.
The best thing about him...
- is his voice. - His voice.
He knows how to sing from the nasal area.
His nasal voice was very attractive.
I thought he could be a newbie when he first sang.
It's because nobody recognized him when he's so good at singing.
But when I heard him speaking,
- he felt like a middle-aged man. - A middle-aged man?
I felt like he's experienced.
- He sounded like he's experienced. - Yes, that's right.
So I'm really curious.
- Who could he be? - Who could he be?
- It's driving you mad. - Yes.
What about you, Kai?
Actors and golfers usually...
say things like this.
When they're asked, "Sir, how can I do well?",
they'd say, "Just relax."
They say it takes 10 years to relax.
- You're right. - They say these things.
But he's too relaxed to say...
that he's a newbie in the music industry.
He knows how to enjoy his performances.
He knows how to relax and play around the stage.
How can we not know such an excellent singer?
Mysterious Circles...
sang after Torch Man.
He must have been pressured to show off his talents more.
However, he sang it calmly with his own tempo.
He didn't overdo it but sang with his genuine skills.
It's not easy to just show enough talents.
- He's experienced. - I think so.
He's experienced and wise.
He's modest towards songs.
He's such a ready-to-go singer.
Torch Man's tunes are very accurate.
He knows exactly where he has to stress.
He's like 1,000 percent perfect.
You know the 10-points target where the camera is in archery?
- 10 points. - Yes, there.
He shoots right in the center.
He shoots it there. It's 10 points.
Young Seok, do you agree?
Absolutely.
His tunes are perfect.
- Goodness. - And...
I'll tell you about what I first felt about Torch Man.
When I listened to his song,
I felt like I got home after riding the roller coaster of his voice.
When I listened to Mysterious Circles' voice,
it was like I was lying in my bed.
It was so calm and relaxing.
It felt so cozy.
He's like telling us how to sing ballad songs.
He knows how to control his breath and stress points.
I've totally empathized with the inspiration he was sending.
I really have no idea.
I've hypnotized myself.
I've told myself to think of the restaurants that I like.
Torch Man is like a lunch set or dinner set.
- He's like famous for some set. - A restaurant famous for its sets.
There are various choices.
- But... - But his mask is a grilled dish.
(The taste of fire is the best.)
Mysterious Circles...
is like some restaurant that's famous for a single special dish.
- He's known for one dish? - Yes.
- A restaurant famous for one thing. - Yes.
He's like that restaurant with one famous menu.
I have a special recipe. Follow me.
His voice is definitely specialized.
Now, we are about the announce...
the finalist to move on to Final Round.
Torch Man has great skills of singing like a firework.
Mysterious Circles knows how to touch people's hearts.
I'll now reveal that one person...
who will be the finalist for the 69th King of Mask Singer.
(Once with an exceptional selection of song)
(Another time with his amazing voice that goes along the song)
(Firework on stage that surprised everyone)
(Competing against Torch Man...)
(Contrary to Torch Man, his voice is soft and touching.)
(He has imprinted himself in everyone's heart.)
Torch Man versus Mysterious Circles.
The one that's going to compete...
against Red Mouth is...
The winner is...
(Is it going to be Torch Man who sings in perfect tunes?)
(Is it Mysterious Circles who has a warm voice color?)
The winner is...
(Torch Man wins.)
It's Torch Man!
Torch Man!
(That's right.)
(It's sad to let Mysterious Circles go.)
He should have sung some rock music.
He beat against Mysterious Circles.
It's 62 to 37.
The difference is bigger than I expected.
Torch Man, please move to the back stage.
You'll watch the queen perform.
Please give him a round of applause.
(Mysterious Circles' identity will be revealed soon.)
Torch Man could be the 69th King of Mask Singer.
The panelist was fond of me.
I was very lucky.
Thank you.
Mysterious Circles received much compliments. Who could he be?
We'll now reveal his identity.
Please come to the back.
Now, please take off your mask...
and reveal your face.
(He's intentionally faking his voice?)
(He's like a popera singer and an idol at the same time.)
(He's a singer full of essential skills.)
(His specialty was great too.)
Take off your mask, and reveal your face!
(Screaming)
(Everyone's shocked.)
This man is...
Why? What's wrong?
What's happening?
- Who is he? - They've gone crazy.
Reveal your face.
He is...
Jo Kwon who recently came back as a solo artist from 2AM.
He's the singer, Jo Kwon.
That's right. Goodness.
It must have been hard for him to suppress the urge to dance.
(Hey, Jo Kwon!)
(It's so good to see him.)
Please say hello to viewers.
Hi, I'm Jo Kwon from 2AM. Nice to meet you.
(He's the legendary of trainees who trained for 8 years.)
(He made his debut through 2AM with heart-warming voices.)
(His voice and singing skills are well suited in all genres of music.)
(His sentimental voice represented the emotions of many ex-boyfriends.)
(He has won many awards in many music award ceremonies.)
(His song lighted up hearts of many single men and women.)
(He was known as a sweet husband in "We Got Married".)
(And)
(His pelvis dances were exceptional.)
(His unique specialty can't be replaced by anyone else.)
(He's now the new hero in many variety shows.)
(Everybody loves him as a talented entertainer.)
(He's now doing musicals with extraordinary talents.)
(His presence cannot be replaced by anyone else.)
(His experiences on stage are shown in many characters.)
(His came back as a solo singer with his new song, "Dawn".)
(Jo Kwon's warm voice will melt down the coldness.)
- I've been a singer for 10 years. - That's right.
I've appeared in so many music shows before.
I've appeared in many variety shows as well.
I've never felt more suffocated before.
(He felt the most suffocated here.)
Even though you wanted to show your dances,
you couldn't because you had to be careful not to be recognized.
So I felt really frustrated.
Especially when I sang "Napal Baji",
I really wanted to dance.
In this fancy outfit,
I should dance to "Wa" by Lee Jung Hyun or something.
- But you just stood still. - Standing still in this outfit...
- was really hard. - To conceal his identity,
he had to withstand the frustration.
All the other members of 2AM sang on this show.
- Right. - We won Grand Prize with our song,
but our members didn't do very well on this show.
- That's right. - Even Chang Min was eliminated...
- in Round Two. - Right.
But I came all the way to Round Three,
- so I feel proud... - You must be.
as a leader.
Come to think of it, it is his 11th year...
this year since Jo Kwon made a debut.
(You're awesome.)
Including the time when he was a trainee, it's been almost 20 years.
Right. He's now in his 30s.
You said you wanted to be on this show at the turning point of life.
I tried not to be silly and frivolous anymore,
and wanted to sing seriously in front of people.
But I think it's more comfortable for me to be frivolous.
(You are silly and cute.)
I didn't know that you even had to be treated...
because you tried to maintain the image of being frivolous.
My back hurt quite a lot for a while,
so I went to see a doctor and found out my hips were twisted.
- Since I bounced my hips too much. - Because...
you bounced them too much.
I regularly get...
- physical therapy... - Goodness.
- until now. - I see.
When Kim Ho Young was on this show last time,
he said you are like his imitation.
Watch it. Imitation? I didn't say that.
You did.
(I'm the original version...)
(of Jo Kwon.)
(Ho Young said Kwon was the clone of him, and it created a buzz.)
I said he was a clone.
If you want to say something to his comment, I'll give you a chance.
He is no match for me.
You don't even deserve to be compared with me.
Then what do you want me to do?
(It's hilarious.)
Let's have a time to check out...
to see who is the original and who is the imitation.
Please come on out to the stage, Ho Young.
(An inevitable match between the two frivolous men)
Each of them insists he is the original frivolous man.
Music, please.
(Let's start the fierce competition.)
(Clone Jo Kwon, watch carefully.)
(You should move your hips this much.)
(Shaking amazingly)
(Both of them are all good.)
(Frivolous)
(Let's go again.)
(I'm turning.)
(So am I.)
(Can you do this?)
(Kwon takes the initiative and provokes Ho Young.)
(How dare he?)
(Go away.)
Okay. That's enough.
You can stop now.
(It was fierce until the end.)
Both of them are...
amazing. They're amazing.
- Both of them are winners. - They are.
Please give Ho Young a big hand.
Ho Young.
Thank you.
(We hope you two keep getting along.)
Now, he is flying solo.
He had never sung that seriously before.
Please give him a round of applause to cheer him up.
(We hope to see you more often.)
I feel like the burden is removed now.
I want to go home now.
(Feeling refreshed after acting funny)
My solo album is released in two years.
This show was filmed before my comeback performance.
I've really wanted to sing badly.
I was able to prove my passion for singing...
on this show even before my comeback show.
I tried my best, so even my voice became hoarse.
I hope many people will recognize that.
I wish people will find out that I try my best...
whatever I do...
and look forward to my performances.
Mysterious Circles was me, Jo Kwon.
(Please support passionate Jo Kwon.)
Thank you.
According to the result of Round Three,
Thank You for Your Support, Torch Man...
defeated Jo Kwon and moved on to Final Match.
The mysterious music show, King of Mask Singer.
Only Red Mouth's defense match is left to watch.
Will Red Mouth succeed in winning five consecutive times...
and set a new record?
The queen's performance...
of the 69th Final Match begins now.
The 69th Final Match.
There is no limit to my singing.
Her running toward the fifth win knows no bounds.
This is the 68th Queen,
Kiss My Lips and Love My Song, Red Mouth.
(With the red backlight,)
(Queen Red Mouth enters.)
(We were waiting for you.)
Here comes the queen.
I've waited for this moment for two weeks.
Look at her aura.
(The dazzling aura of the queen)
She looks cool.
(On the brink of her 5th win,)
(everyone here is concentrating on her.)
(No one has been more threatening than the current challenger.)
(Which song did Red Mouth choose to compete against him?)
(The intro starts calmly and brightly.)
(It's a new type of song unlike the dark ones she sang so far.)
("Reset" by Toy and Lee Juck)
("Reset" by Toy is full of hopeful messages.)
(Red Mouth's positive messages are starting through her song.)
She is good.
(People said she seemed to be in a trance or scary,)
(but her voice right now is so warm and sweet.)
(Red Mouth's cheering melody...)
(seems to be coming down from above the clouds.)
(She is getting more emotional as her voice becomes more powerful.)
(Red Mouth put her all might to sing "Reset".)
(It was bright unlike her other performances.)
She never disappoints us.
It had a strong impact at the end.
She deserves to be a queen.
The 69th Final Match has come to an end.
Hyun Chul, you seem to have a lot of thoughts in mind.
She's the masked queen for a reason.
Her ability to convey her song...
to about 100 people in the audience...
has been made possible because she's the masked queen.
She gained it through experience.
But she...
didn't perform for the competition here.
I could feel her sincerity...
that she wanted to sing it for us.
She didn't dwell on the competition.
And I'm sure about this.
Her sincerity was conveyed not only to the audience in this studio,
but it will be conveyed also to every single person...
who watches this show.
(She agrees.)
What do you think, Young Seok?
Red Mouth usually performs...
in a dark mood to be honest.
But it was exciting...
to see her sing a hopeful song in a crying-out way.
I feel this every time,
but the blank in between each note,
the off-beat that fills the blank,
and her desperate way of singing...
doubled the impact of her positive performance...
which was very unexpected.
But...
he's a strong opponent.
Torch Man isn't an easy challenger.
Here's what his strong point is.
He's fresh.
In the past, George Lucas topped the movie industry...
with his "Star Wars" series.
No one seemed to be able to break his movie series,
but Steven Spielberg's "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" did.
It's a famous and historical story...
in the movie industry.
Maybe the result of their competition will be similar.
She seems to be undefeatable,
but he might be able to defeat her today.
- Is that your opinion? - I think that's possible.
(Well...)
I asked them around a while ago.
I checked who picked whom.
(The exit poll on the 69th masked king competition)
- You asked them around? - Yes.
A lot of them voted for Torch Man.
The result doesn't seem too bright for Red Mouth.
- Is that right? - I voted for Red Mouth by the way.
- But... - A lot of them voted for him?
when I asked the panelists about their opinions,
a lot of them were expecting a new masked king.
- Really? - A lot of people voted for him,
and a few voted for her.
It doesn't seem to be in her favor among the panelists.
But the audience seems to have different opinions.
Because at first,
her performance seemed to end with a hopeful message today.
But it was strong at the end.
When you listened to the first verse,
- it was relaxing. - It was in a bad mood.
- It was like a funeral. - I see.
She made a last spurt at the end.
She caught up with Torch Man.
So who reached the finish line first is unpredictable.
- It was neck and neck. - We might need a video review.
They reached the finish line almost at the same time.
Comments about Red Mouth...
were about how she seemed to be possessed...
and how she was dark.
There were a lot of such comments.
But today,
she looked like a girl at a rock festival...
who was immersed in music...
and jumped around freely.
I saw a new side of her today.
I realized that her performances weren't only about possessing us.
I was happy to see another charm of her today.
- She tried out for a new thing. - That's right.
Singers...
as well as musical singers...
are judged by their audience and have to be chosen by them.
That's right.
I could feel her heart for her audience.
It made me emotional.
I think both of them showed their true selves today.
That must be why their performances felt very sincere to me.
Hyeok Soo, it's your first time watching this as a panelist, right?
- That's right. - What do you think?
Let me give you a restaurant example since I don't know much about music.
You'll compare it with a restaurant.
I realized for certain why people line up...
in front of a famous restaurant.
You try their food, and it's amazing.
You want to go again, and you crave their food.
That famous restaurant is like Red Mouth.
People will line up to listen to her voice.
What about Torch Man? People won't line up for him?
- No, think about a set menu. - A set menu?
You expected it'd be a set menu,
but it turns out to be a course meal. That's what I feel about him.
- His performance isn't a set menu. - There's something more.
You don't know what will come next.
You get full, but you want to eat it every time another dish is served.
That's the difference between them.
(Torch Man is like a course meal.)
Good. Now, let's see who's the 69th masked king.
I've received the result just now.
Will Red Mouth succeed to win five times in a row?
Or will Torch Man become a new masked king?
I'll now reveal the 69th masked king.
(He showed off his rhythmical voice and sang high notes with ease.)
(His unique voice color stood out during Round One.)
(Everyone fell for his charming voice.)
(His performance swayed the audience's hearts.)
(He showed his desperate emotions in Round Two.)
(His groove exploded.)
(His pleasant energy filled the entire studio.)
(He captured women's hearts with his unexpected charm in Round Three.)
(Against him was the masked queen's amazing performance.)
(Her distinctive energy created...)
(the indeterminate size of her voice volume.)
(She showed a relaxing performance with her deep voice color.)
Who's the 69th masked king selected by you?
The winner is...
(King of Mask Singer)
(The winner is...)
(It's thrilling.)
- The winner is... - The winner is...
(I won't see the result.)
(Who will be the only one...)
(to take the throne?)
The winner is...
Will there be a new king or will our masked queen take another win?
Red Mouth wins.
(She wins 5 times in a row.)
This is great!
She almost stepped down from her throne.
The voting difference was 53 to 46.
The voting difference of the panelists was 10 to 2.
They gave eight more votes to Torch Man.
But the audience gave 15 more votes to Red Mouth.
She became the winner with seven more votes.
This makes it...
fifth consecutive wins like Catgirl's record.
She places third among the masked kings and queens.
(Red Mouth is the 65th to 69th masked queen.)
Now, we'll deliver her the golden mask and the queen's robe.
Please say a word.
I'm not saying this for nothing.
I prepared today's performance like it was my last stage.
So I'm extremely surprised by the result.
It's as exciting as when I first became the masked queen. Thank you.
(Congratulations.)
She's the 69th masked queen with 5 consecutive wins.
Red Mouth will exit the stage due to security's reasons.
Please give her a round of applause.
(We'll look forward to seeing your another performance.)
She was the 65th, 66th, 67th, and 68th masked queen.
Now, she's the 69th masked queen.
(See you next week.)
She became the winner thanks to the audience's votes.
He was the competent challenger.
He almost defeated Red Mouth.
He's a skilled masked singer.
Now, Torch Man, please take off your mask and reveal your face.
(He can convey emotions more than anyone else.)
(His nasal voice is very attractive.)
(His way of talking and behavior are those of a middle-aged man.)
(What's the identity of this unpredictable, charming singer?)
Now, Torch Man, please take off your mask and reveal your face.
(This is awesome!)
Who is he?
Why? Do they know him?
Reveal your face.
He's...
He's the myth of climbing the music charts.
He's the vocalist of MeloMance, Kim Min Seok.
(It was Kim Min Seok, the vocalist of Melomance.)
- Really? - He's a member of Melomance.
Melomance.
I knew it.
That's why his voice sounded familiar.
(Everyone's thrilled to see him.)
Please say hello to the viewers.
Hello. I am the vocalist of Melomance, Kim Min Seok.
Thank you so much.
He's amazing.
(In 2015, he came to us like a gift.)
(He's a vocalist of male duo, Melomance.)
(His songs climbed up music charts.)
(He became famous for hitting high notes comfortably.)
(He gave birth to the term "Bed Singing Method".)
(They won Indie Musician of the Year Award.)
(And they established themselves as the trendy music group.)
(Every one of their concerts got sold out.)
(He is a rising star.)
(Kim Min Seok of Melomance has a voice to die for.)
The celebrity panelists are very shocked.
They are very surprised.
A lot of people in the audience seem to recognize you.
- Right. - Right?
(Do you know me? We do!)
In 2017, their music climbed up music charts,
and 2017 was like a gift to Melomance.
He's Kim Min Seok of Melomance.
Do many people recognize you now?
Once in every 10 days.
"Are you Melomance?"
"Aren't you him?" That's how it usually goes.
- Right. - That's how they recognize me.
After your appearance on King of Mask Singer,
someone will recognize you...
at least once a day. Will you be okay with that?
I will welcome them with open arms.
You will welcome them.
(I will recognize you.)
Min Seok has been...
dreaming of this stage for a long time.
That's what he told us. Is this true?
What's special about King of Mask Singer...
is that you sing while wearing a mask.
A lot of people told me I sing with a straight face.
- "Bed Singing Method". - Right.
Even when you're hitting high notes, you remain calm.
- Right. My aunt is a vocalist. - Right.
She told me I shouldn't frown when I sing...
to make the viewers feel comfortable.
She told me that because I used to frown too much.
So now I look too stiff.
I was curious to see how well...
I could convey my emotions with my face covered.
I think it was very successful.
Right. The celebrity panelists...
all voted for you,
so they are still shocked.
The fact that we all voted for him...
without knowing who he is proves that he's truly great.
We've seen so many talented singers.
And yet almost everyone voted for him.
That means he deserves to represent our country...
as one of our greatest singers.
- That's how talented he is. - This is true.
- That's what I would say. - He fought against the queen.
Right. He didn't fall behind at all.
Yes. Gu Ra, can you say something before he leaves the stage?
- I did my research. - Right.
Dong Hwan plays the piano.
- They're a duo. Melomance. - Right.
That's all I found out.
- You didn't find a lot. - I...
I asked him what the song "Gift" is like.
And he sang it for me.
Then I recognized it. We hear it everywhere.
I loved his performance. He's very funny.
I think he would do well on variety shows too.
I think I will see him on other shows and hear more of his music.
- Yes. - All right.
Singing sincerely, he communed with the audience...
and gave a special performance. Please give it up once again...
for Min Seok.
(Please let us hear more of your sweet voice.)
On King of Mask Singer, I danced,
and I practiced impersonating people for the first time.
That was new and exciting experience.
Final Match was amazing.
The queen was so good...
that I have no objection to the result.
I did my best too.
I feel happy that I have no regrets.
You are like
A gift exclusively prepared for me
Small
(He will try hard to pay back for the big love he received.)
Everyone. The masked singer you loved, Torch Man,
is me. Kim Min Seok. Thank you.
(Thank you.)
Bye.
(Shortly, "Wizard of Nowhere" will be aired.)
Next week.
(Ambitious contestants...)
(come to stop the queen.)
(They are determined to go to Final Match.)
(Let's go!)
(With touching performances, they will shake the world.)
(Their unbelievable talent makes the panelists refuse to judge.)
(Someone will win with just 1 more vote.)
(The intense match will be revealed next week.)